In the morning here I'm calling, ring the bell and wake the devil, wake the damn
Catch you cute in the mirror, where he's going, what he's holding in his hand
babe wanna get high,
you and me baby
run the water and be hotter, feeling better, feeling higher
Feel the cold,
Shut the door, until the corner meet the charmer, cross his parma and get the gold
We gonna get high,
you and me baby we gonna get high
Gonna feel real good darling, we gonna fly
Turn the corner, shut the door, block the noise
Drop the poison in the stream
Hit the calling, zip the bottle, dry your eyes, side aside, dream the dream
We gonna get high,
you and me baby we gonna get high
Don't feel real low, darling, you think wanna die,
but I'm on your side baby
When you're down yeah babe
I'm on your side down all around
In the morning here I'm calling, ring the bell and wake the devil, wake the damn
Catch you cute in the mirror, where he's going, what he's holding in his hand

You see them sailor boys comin down the line,
they've got it right,
they're only here boy,
for one hell of a time.
You've spent you're whole life turnin red to blue,
Now what have you got,
what can you show me,
brings any joy to you.
You keep runnin,
you keep runnin you go run on down that line,
They'll all pair off,
they'll fall in love and they'll do fine.

I seen you last night you fallin round the town,
It ain't that hard to find some reason,
for you to hang around.
You hear that silver-tongue it's drippin beads o charm,
You dread that fool,
for when you meet him,
he's gonna do you harm,
He'll do you harm but you keep runnin,
you go run on down that line.
He'll be passin, he will pass you let him by.

That loneliness it drove you round the bend,
You don't know why that had to happen,
you only know it did.
You're dreamin of her you're cravin all her charms
You can't but cry when you see her,
in that sailor's arms.
She kept runnin, she kept runnin,
god she ran on down that line,
She messed around,
she settled down,
and she did fine.

Tell me a story,
go on tell me about the pain,
Oh california, good on ya,
you're sleepin in the rain,
You sought that heart-ache to see how it felt,
You hapless fool, you couldn't help it,
you did this to yourself.

Fallin' in to Charlies, seven in the mornin'
You give me double brandy and whatever she wanted
This ain't no way to live I ain't gettin' any younger
This ain't no way to live and I'm thinkin' we are done girl
Oh little darling, I'm sitting in a doorway
Beatin' on this drum here, blarin' over Broadway
The train is leavin' town
There ain't no way you' gonna stop me getting on it babe
The train is leavin' town
There ain't no way you' gonna stop me getting on it babe
You up to Mayfield, bellyful o' honey
They took your cigarettes and then they took your money
Man, this ain't no way to live and I'm always seein' double
This ain't no way to live and I'm never outta trouble
Hey little baby, you're playin' with a rattle
Snake in the grass there born in the saddle
The train is leavin' town
There ain't no way you' gonna stop me getting on it babe
The train is leavin' town
There ain't no way you' gonna stop me getting on it babe
The train is leavin' town
There ain't no way you' gonna stop me getting on it babe
The train is leavin' town
There ain't no way you' gonna stop me getting on it babe

You let me help you with your washing babe
You know I've been asleep all day
You're getting tired of me, you're tired now of all my ways

You let me help you with that folding girl
You know I've been away all year
I hope you're true to me
Hope you don't let no other man in here

You think I roll out this land, my pistol in my hand
Lining up another score
But you're wrong babe, you're wrong
I'm only getting on, trying to make it so we can live some more.

You let me help you with them bolts of yours
You know I've missed you so...
It be hard baby
Harder than you've ever known.

You think I roll out this land, my pistol in my hand
Lining up another score
But you're wrong babe, you're wrong
I'm only getting on, trying to make it so we can live some more.

You let me help you with your packing girl
I've been doing it since the day we met
I tried baby, I tried baby
Don't forget...

I am a sailor, I am a sailor,
An' I've been on my hunt for treasure,
When I find it, when I find it,
I will leave all else behind it.

But the day hasn't come yet,
the day hasn't come yet,
the day hasn't come.

They say the way your life is made,
Is only stars aligning,
On you go the seas'd roll,
Lonely souls a-pining.
The great unknown you live and hope the one that fits you right,
Won't pass you by.

I wanna see you, I wanna see you,
Though I have no idea what i'll do.
I wanna feel it, I wanna feel it,
I wanna feel that very moment.

But the day hasn't come yet,
The day hasn't come yet,
The day hasn't come.

They say the way your life is made,
Is only stars aligning,
On you go the seas'd roll,
Lonely souls a-pining.
Will we be those who meet and know a love on it's sight,
Or two ships in the night?

They say the way your life is made,
Is only stars aligning,
On you go the seas'd roll,
Lonely souls a-pining.
Will we be those who meet and know a love on it's sight,
Or two ships in the night?

It took me this long to realize that I don't know you,
I can't hide myself inside the way that you do.

I don't know where to start, All I know of your heart,
It's bad at love and it's good at art.

I'd see you talkin' with those men it wouldn't faze me,
Now even laughin' with my friends you drive me crazy.

It's like I'm keepin' score on who loves more,
That never bothered me before.

I pass the mirror, and I look into my eyes
And I see a man there that I do not recognize.

I'm only askin' for the sake of being honest,
You don't have to look at me that way I'm only talkin'.

We're good as gold you say, We're good as gone today,
If you don't want me, go away.

I don't know where to start, All I know of your heart,
Bad at love is good at art, No more keepin' score,
On who loves who more, Here's my hand and there's the door,
Good as gold you say, good as gone today,
You don't want me, go away.

2010 in boston town
the leaves are golden brown
we take the kids to town
to see the fair
big wheel is turning round
hear that homely sound
we're walking through the crowd
in the evening air
see our boy hold his sister near
until they're in the clear
you whisper in my ear
that one's going to heaven

You've no idea do you
what i'll do for you
to have so much to lose
is the only feeling

I ran around my time
I stood in every line
i couldnt stop my mind
from dreaming of you
and when i laid eyes on you
I knew that race was through
and when i spoke to you
I told it so
you said 'I think you're a fool
and I said 'i know you do'
but I'd run away with you
if you ask me nicely

You've no idea do you
what i'll do for you
to have so much to lose
is the only feeling

2050 boston town
the son is sitting down
its the only feeling now

I told you before ‘bout that creak in the door,
what time do ya call this?
The dogs bowl is empty
and the scuttle needs coal,
so be done ‘fore your father gets in?

Where the hell is your brother?
Is he playing cards again?
Don't he love his mother?
Why can't he find some friends?

So you're in, I'm ill, will you bring me my glass,
and roll one while you're there.
There's bread in the back but it's of the last
So leave your father a share.

Did you talk with Luther this evening?
I heard ‘bout what he's done.
No I haven't seen him,
I think he's on the run.

Ma I won't wanna tell my friends
‘bout when I was young.

There's a twenty on the table, will you go to the town?
A bottle and a packet of skins.
And ask for your brother while you're down.
You're gonna find out where he's been.
I tried and tried to help him,
You know don't ya son?
Yeah, I know what you tried ma,
I know what you've done.

And I won't wanna tell my friends
‘bout when I was young.

Keep their spirits up Frank, all for some so some for all,
The only spirits here man are hangin’ off the wall,
Yeah, you know well as I do, that we don’t serve up cheer,
When they come for anesthetics and it’s been this way for years,
They empty out their glasses,
Fill ‘em up with tears,
One for the road, one for the road,
That leads them right back here,
To rain on their troubles,
Wash ‘em down deep,
And play in the puddle,
Til they’re fast asleep.
Now Joe he lost his woman to some big-shot business man.

He said I trusted love not money and now look where I am.
You’ve had enough Joe, you gotta go now.
You’ve too much Joe, I send you home now.
And he says please Frank, please Frank.
But I am just the tender, I don’t give counsel, I don’t get close,
I’m on no rescue mission man, I’m in no rescue boat,
I’m here to make money,
Wages plus tips,
For pouring water
Into sinking ships.

If I go down to the tavern, babe, I won't come back.
If I go down to the tavern, babe, I won't come back.
Tryin' to do better, tryin' to get myself together.
Take my hand, you gotta, pull me back on track.
My bed is made in the gutter but I won't lie down.
My bed is made in the gutter but I won't lie down.
I can't stay here forever, I gotta, get myself together.
Pick me up you gotta turn my luck around.
But I'm a man with hurricane hot on my heels I say
anywhere, anywhere away from here.
There's a weight in me and it won't let me go.
Gonna shine, shine, good as I know.
But I do need you
who would keep me on the straight and the narrow
on the road, 'cause you know that I go
a little bit of track with the bottle
but you know I think, the more you think the less you understand. And the more I try to get things right the less that go as planned. Man, man.
When I go down to station will you come with me?
When I go down to the station will you come with me?
Wanna leave this stormy weather, gonna get our things together.
Morning train is gonna have us both set free.
But I'm a man with hurricane hot on my heels I say
anywhere, anywhere away from here.
There's a weight in me and it won't let me go.
Gonna shine, shine, good as I know.
But I do need you
who would keep me on the straight and the narrow
on the road, 'cause you know that I go
a little bit of track with the bottle
but you know I think, the more you think the less you understand. And the more I try to get things right the less that go as planned. Oh man, oh man.

I took my brother's favorite bait
and I led him to a trap
He took the dearest evening train
and he's never coming back
On those who love you, boy
never turn your back
On those who love you, boy
never turn your back
I find that once you've crossed that line
you never can come back
And try, but no train in the world
is gonna take you across the track
On those who love you, boy
never turn your back
On those who love you, boy
never turn your back

Snowmen in the field I see
Ride the coal-bags down the hill with me
Hey look you've got Rudolf's nose oh-oh
Put my hat on you'll get cold oh-oh

Let's have a snowball fight
I always want you on my side
Come sit by the fire with me
Let's try and climb the Christmas Tree

And you and I alone will go
And I'll walk you all the way back home
And we'll talk about our school and things
And I'll see you, yes, tomorrow please

Oh yeah I forgot this part
This is where you break my heart
You told me that you love me then
Did you really mean it friend

Don't go telling me lies love
Tell me the truth love
Tell me the truth love
That way I won't have to know love
Won't have to see love
Won't have to ask
The ghost of Christmas Past

ou're steppin off the slow train
Wrestlin' with reason,
Guilty a' treason
‘gainst yourself ohh
You up up on the fast lane
Gone forever, never better
Oh my mind

Yeah we got your number
Yeah we got your call
We don't care what you're after
Don't care who you want
We know you tried boy
We know you tried
Who wanted you?

We're running to the main man
It's lovely to meet you
Hope that I beat you
Back where you came from
You keep out of my way
I'll put you under
Tear you asunder
Oh my mind

Yeah we got your number
Yeah we got your call
We don't care what you're after
We don't care who you want
We know you tried boy
We know you tried
We just don't give a damn.

We know you tried boy
We know you tried
We know you tried boy
We know you tried

But I will find you sippin' on your champagne
Off to the party
Soul departed
Didn't I tell you?
Now you're sniffin' on your cocaine
Gone forever, never better
Oh my mind

Yeah we got your number
Yeah we got your call
We don't care what you're after
We don't care who you want
We know you tried boy
We know you tried
We know you tried boy
We know you tried

We just don't give a damn.

In the morning here Im calling, ring the bell and wake the devil, wake the damn
Catch you cute in the mirror, when hes going, what hes holding in his hand
He wont get and he run the water and be hotter, feeling better, feeling higher
Feel the cold,
Shut the door, until the corner feel the charma, cross the parma and get the gold
Hes gonna get harder
You need baby, wanna get high
Gonna feel real good darling, we gonna fly
Turn the corner, shut the door, block the noise
Drop the poison in the stream
Hit the calling, zip the bottle, drop your eyes and get the dream
We gonna get high, you and me baby we gonna get high
Dont feel real low, you wanna die, Im on your side baby
When you down yeah babe Im on your side
When your down
In the morning here Im calling, ring the bell and wake the devil, wake the damn
Catch you cute in the mirror, when hes going, what hes holding in his hand

I walk the streets alone here, I go with head hung down
The heavens laugh so hard at me that I cannot bear the sound
A home to every lonely, an ear to every cry
An eye to every suffering and lost to reasons why

And of all the awful things I’ve heard
The worst must be those terrible words
If I don’t do it, that man will
Be it steal, rape or kill

I strive to be a good man, I know it serves me well
So how and when this start was made, I truly cannot tell
I’ve loved and I have been loved
I was not always true
And at times I feel to stay alone
Is the honest thing to do

Still in all I’ve best conceived
That I did fall in fleshy need
And taking water laced with sin
Seen what love is up against

My mind is full of worry, and wonder at itself
I search all day for answers, and nothing ever helps
I don’t believe the stories of high and holy ghosts
And if anything should matter, then what should matter most?

To the thought I will abide
That hate is foolish, love is wise
Words the old man softly spoke
Left the world to live in hope

The man who lived to live alone
His heart he ruled to know but one
His name was none he took no ground
He came and went without a sound
One day the man did sing a song
Then stood and wait for her to come
For years they sang but he would not know,
From some he took and then let go
One day our lady did divine
To move the air most true and fine
He drew but found his voice had gone
"Dear god" he thought "I've stood too long"
The crimes, the crimes of the fool against the fool
the cries, the cries of the man who lived by The Rule
To die by the rule,
You offered everything to me
I took, you know I took for free
The morning broke and flood in blue,
I knew before the day was through
I'd tear into the heart of you
I tore into the heart of you
A pair, a pair of young lives becomes a love
And there, there they've won
Oh how is it done?
How is it done?
I wait to look into your eyes
I wait for you to look at mine
My love, oh love I long to see
I'll offer all I have to thee
And you'll tear into the heart of me
You'll tear into the heart of me.